Hello, everyone, welcome to this new video on our Instagram clone creation course.
Now in this video, I want to go through a process of requirements elicitation that you would normally
go through when you are creating a project.
Now keep in mind that our project in this course will be quite limited in scope.
So obviously we cannot implement every functionality that Instagram has.
They have a whole team of developers working for years to develop this application, so we will need
to limit our scope to several screens and several pieces of functionality that we can implement in this
particular course.
Right.
So in this video, I want to go through these requirements that we're going to go through and we're
going to see exactly what we're going to implement.
So first of all, we want to have some functionality for sign up and creating a user and being able
to log in and log out.
OK, so let's put that down.
We want to have sign up, log in and logout functionality.
OK, so that will imply we have several screens that we can move between signing sign up and log out.
Now, apart from that, the main kind of screen of our app will be a feed screen where we will see some
posts that other users have created.
OK, so we will need to have a feed screen that will display posts from followed users.
Now, if we don't have any followed users, so if we just created a new user and I just signing in now
for the first time, we will have a general posts list if we haven't followed anyone.
So what we're looking for here is when the user signs up to our application first time, they will still
see something in the feed.
They won't have an empty feed that looks quite quite ugly and quite empty.
Now we also want a screen where we can search for existing posts based on a keyword.
OK, so we will have a search screen where I can search for a keyword.
OK, so this basically will give me posts that have this keyword so that I can look at the posts, follow
the users and so on.
Then we will also need a screen where we basically create new posts.
So a my screen where I can create new posts, and this screen will also display the posts that I've
already created and see posts that I have already created.
OK, so I have the screen now.
What else do we need?
We will need a profile screen where we can edit our personal information.
So Profile Edit screen where I can edit my info info and upload a photo.
OK, so we want the possibility to upload a personal photo for our profile.
We will do that in the profile screen.
And then finally, we have a screen where we can see a single post.
OK, so we have a screen where I can see details of a post.
And here we will include, including likes and comments.
OK, so those are kind of the screens that our application will have.
It will be centered around posts, OK, and we will be able to see these posts in different kinds of
situations and follow them accordingly.
Now I want to have some abilities here.
OK, let's put them down.
I have the ability to create a post.
I want to have the ability to like a post from a certain user.
I want to be able to comment on a post.
And I want the ability to follow and unfollow a user.
OK, so I want this ability, these abilities to be kind of integral to the app.
So our app will basically be centered around posts around our feeds and around our search functionality.
OK.
And kind of the other screens are supportive of that.
We want to be able to have kind of the infrastructure that allows us to see these posts in different
situations.
And of course, if you want later on, you can expand the application to add more functionality, such
as stories and other functionalities that you know, Instagram has implemented, but we already have
quite a bit of work to implement.
So I think we will limit ourselves to this, this kind of functionality.
And of course, we have a lot to implement here.
Now this is all for the kind of high level requirements elicitation.
And in the next video, I want to kind of detail a little bit these individual screens and see how what
kind of data we need to back this up and what kind of backend services we will require to make this
kind of functionality possible.
OK, so that's it for this video, and I'll see you in the next one.